# New features
- Adventure currency is separated from the main bot currency by default.
  - This can be toggled with ``[p]adventureset sepcurrency``
  - If the currency is separated you get new commands:
    - ``[p]adventureset economy``
    - ``[p]adventureset economy rate`` - Set how much 1 bank credit is worth in adventure.
    - ``[p]adventureset economy withdraw`` - Toggle whether users are allowed to withdraw from adventure currency to main currency.
    - ``[p]apayday`` - Allow users to get some free gold every few minutes
    - ``[p]atransfer`` - Transfer currency between players/economies.
    - ``[p]atransfer deposit`` - Convert bank currency to gold.
    - ``[p]atransfer withdraw`` - Convert gold to bank currency.
    - ``[p]atransfer player`` - Transfer gold to another player.
- ``[p]setinfo`` will now show your owned items that you have in your backpack.
- ``[p]ebackpack`` has been added it accepts all the same arguments as ``[p]backpack`` but will only show items you can equip.

 # Enhancements
 - Cleric rolls will now be displayed in the completion message.
 - Reworked item level requirements so that some items no longer requires 600+ levels.
 - All skill commands now can be run in DM with the bot.
 
 # Fixes
 - ``[p]unequip`` will not correctly accept slot names
 - ``[p]backpack trade`` will now correctly allow you to trade with people in the correct rebirth range.
 - You should no longer be able to join an adventure in the last second be charged for it and not take part on it.
 - Fixed an issue with cleric skill where their formula was using a variable that was unintended.
 - Several minor bugfixes since the last change logs.